Some benchmarks for the documentation (#123)
SKopecz/PositiveIntegrators.jl: docs/src/stratospheric_reaction_benchmark.md

Author: Yes, especially for the stratospheric reaction problem.

                      ylims)
            end
        end
    end
    return p
end
nothing # hide
```
First, we show approximations of `Rosenbrock23()` using loose tolerances. 

```@example stratreac
# compute reference solution for plotting
ref_sol = solve(prob, Rodas4P(); abstol = 1e-12, reltol = 1e-11);

# compute solution with low tolerances
abstol = 1e-3
reltol = 1e-2
sol_Ros23 = solve(prob, Rosenbrock23(); abstol, reltol);

# plot solution
stratreac_plot(sol_Ros23,  "Ros23", ref_sol)
```

Although not visible in the plots, the `Rosenbrock23` solution contains negative values.

```@example stratreac
isnonnegative(sol_Ros23)
```

Nevertheless, [OrdinaryDiffEq.jl](https://docs.sciml.ai/OrdinaryDiffEq/stable/) provides the solver option `isoutofdomain`, which can be used in combination with [`isnegative`](@ref) to guarantee nonnegative solutions. 

```@example stratreac
# compute solution with isoutofdomain = isnegative
sol_Ros23 = solve(prob, Rosenbrock23(); abstol, reltol, 
                  isoutofdomain = isnegative); #reject negative solutions

# plot solution
stratreac_plot(sol_Ros23,  "Ros23", ref_sol)
```

> For this problem the use of adaptive MPRK schemes with loose tolerances will generally result in poor approximations. In particular with respect to the O₂ component.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For this problem, using adaptive MPRK schemes with loose tolerances will generally lead to poor approximations, particularly regarding the O₂ component.
```

        MPRK43I(1.0, 0.5); MPRK43I(1.0, 0.5, small_constant = 1e-6); MPRK43I(0.5, 0.75); MPRK43I(0.5, 0.75, small_constant = 1e-6)
        MPRK43II(0.5); MPRK43II(0.5, small_constant = 1e-6); MPRK43II(2.0 / 3.0); MPRK43II(2.0 / 3.0, small_constant = 1e-6)]
labels = ["MPRK22(1.0)"; "MPRK22(1.0, sc=1e-6)"; "SSPMPRK22(0.5,1.0)"; "SSPMPRK22(0.5,1.0, sc=1e-6)"; 
          "MPRK43I(1.0,0.5)"; "MPRK43I(1.0,0.5, sc=1e-6)"; "MPRK43I(0.5,0.75)"; "MPRK43I(0.5,0.75, sc=1e-6)"; "MPRK43II(0.5)"; "MPRK43II(0.5, sc=1e-6)"
          "MPRK43II(2.0/3.0)"; "MPRK43II(2.0/3.0, sc=1e-6)"]

# compute work-precision data
wp = work_precision_adaptive(prob, algs, labels, abstols, reltols, alg_ref; compute_error)

# plot work-precision diagram
plot(wp, labels; title = "Stratospheric reaction benchmark", legend = :bottomleft,     
     color = permutedims([repeat([1],2)..., repeat([2],2)..., repeat([3],4)..., repeat([4],4)...]),
     xlims = (10^-7, 10^0), xticks = 10.0 .^ (-8:1:0),
     ylims = (10^-5, 10^1), yticks = 10.0 .^ (-5:1:1), minorticks = 10)
```

We see that using `small_constant = 1e-6` clearly improves the performance of most methods. 

> For comparisons with other second and third order schemes from [OrdinaryDiffEq.jl](https://docs.sciml.ai/OrdinaryDiffEq/stable/) we choose the second order scheme `MPRK22(1.0, small_constant = 1e-6)` and the third order scheme `MPRK43I(0.5, 0.75)`. To guarantee positive solutions of the [OrdinaryDiffEq.jl](https://docs.sciml.ai/OrdinaryDiffEq/stable/) methods, we select the solver option `isoutofdomain = isnegative`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For comparisons with other second- and third-order schemes from [OrdinaryDiffEq.jl](https://docs.sciml.ai/OrdinaryDiffEq/stable/) we choose the second-order scheme `MPRK22(1.0, small_constant = 1e-6)` and the third-order scheme `MPRK43I(0.5, 0.75)`.
To guarantee positive solutions of the [OrdinaryDiffEq.jl](https://docs.sciml.ai/OrdinaryDiffEq/stable/) methods, we select the solver option `isoutofdomain = isnegative`.
```

work_precision_adaptive!(wp, prob, algs3, labels3, abstols, reltols, alg_ref; compute_error, 
                        isoutofdomain = isnegative)

# plot work-precision diagram
plot(wp, [labels1; labels3]; title = "Stratospheric reaction benchmark", legend = :topright,     
     color = permutedims([1, 3, repeat([4], 3)...]),
     xlims = (10^-7, 10^0), xticks = 10.0 .^ (-8:1:0),
     ylims = (2*10^-4, 5*10^0), yticks = 10.0 .^ (-5:1:0), minorticks = 10)
```

Again, it can be seen that MPRK methods are only advantageous if low accuracy is acceptable.

### Fixed time steps sizes

Here we use fixed time step sizes instead of adaptive time stepping.
We use the functions [`work_precision_fixed`](@ref) and [`work_precision_fixed!`](@ref) to compute the data for the diagrams.
Please note that these functions set error and computing time to `Inf`, whenever a solution contains negative elements. 
Consequently, such cases are not visible in the work-precision diagrams.

Within the work-precision diagrams we use the following time step sizes.

```@example stratreac
# set time step sizes
dt0 = 48 * 60 # 48 minutes
dts = dt0 ./ 2.0 .^ (0:1:10)
nothing # hide
```

> Other than for adaptive schemes increasing `small_constant` has no positive effect, as the following examples show.

Reviewer: There is no case with `small_constant = 1e-6` as above. Why? This is a bit confusing

For the chosen time step sizes none of the above used standard schemes provides nonnegative solutions.

```@example stratreac
# select reference MPRK methods
algs = [MPRK22(1.0); MPRK43II(0.5); TRBDF2(); Kvaerno3(); KenCarp3(); Rodas3(); ROS2(); ROS3(); Rosenbrock23(); 
         Rodas5P(); Rodas4P()]
labels = ["MPRK22(1.0)"; "MPRK43II(0.5)"; "TRBDF2"; "Kvearno3"; "KenCarp3"; "Rodas3"; "ROS2"; "ROS3"; "Rosenbrock23"; 
          "Rodas5P"; "Rodas4P"]

# compute work-precision data
wp = work_precision_fixed(prob, algs, labels, dts, alg_ref; compute_error)

# plot work-precision diagram
plot(wp, labels; title = "Stratospheric reaction benchmark", legend = :bottomleft,     
     color = permutedims([1, 3, repeat([4], 3)..., repeat([5], 4)..., repeat([6], 3)...]),
     xlims = (10^-6, 10^1), xticks = 10.0 .^ (-12:2:4),
     ylims = (10^-5, 10^0), yticks = 10.0 .^ (-5:1:0), minorticks = 10)
```

## Package versions

These results were obtained using the following versions.
```@example STRATREAC
using InteractiveUtils
versioninfo()
println()

using Pkg

> Pkg.status(["PositiveIntegrators", "StaticArrays", "LinearSolve", "OrdinaryDiffEq"],
>            mode=PKGMODE_MANIFEST)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Pkg.status(["PositiveIntegrators", "StaticArrays", "LinearSolve",
            "OrdinaryDiffEqFIRK", "OrdinaryDiffEqRosenbrock",
            "OrdinaryDiffEqSDIRK"],
           mode = PKGMODE_MANIFEST)
```

nothing # hide
```

In contrast to the adaptive methods, increasing `small_constant` does not have a positive effect on accuracy, but actually worsens it.

> To demonstrate this we compare the default version of `MPRK22(1.0)` to versions with `small_constant = 1e-6` and `small_constant = 1e-100`.

Author: I hope this make clear why `small_constant=1e-6` or other choices were not considered in the fixed step size comparisons.

Reviewer: It looks like this is not shown as intended - I can only see the plot for `small_constant = 1e-100`, see https://skopecz.github.io/PositiveIntegrators.jl/previews/PR123/stratospheric_reaction_benchmark/#Fixed-time-steps-sizes

```@example stratreac
# solve prob with large step size
sol1 = solve(prob, MPRK22(1.0); dt = dt0, adaptive = false)
sol2 = solve(prob, MPRK22(1.0, small_constant = 1e-6); dt = dt0, adaptive = false)
sol3 = solve(prob, MPRK22(1.0, small_constant = 1e-100); dt = dt0, adaptive = false)

# plot solution
stratreac_plot(sol1, "MPRK22(1.0)", ref_sol)
stratreac_plot(sol2, "MPRK22(1.0, sc=1e-6)", ref_sol)
stratreac_plot(sol3, "MPRK22(1.0, sc=1e-100)", ref_sol)

> ```

Reviewer: ````suggestion
```@example stratreac
# solve prob with large step size
sol1 = solve(prob, MPRK22(1.0); dt = dt0, adaptive = false)

# plot solution
stratreac_plot(sol1, "MPRK22(1.0)", ref_sol)
```

```@example stratreac
sol2 = solve(prob, MPRK22(1.0, small_constant = 1e-6); dt = dt0, adaptive = false)
stratreac_plot(sol2, "MPRK22(1.0, sc=1e-6)", ref_sol)
```

```@example stratreac
sol3 = solve(prob, MPRK22(1.0, small_constant = 1e-100); dt = dt0, adaptive = false)
stratreac_plot(sol3, "MPRK22(1.0, sc=1e-100)", ref_sol)
```
````

Author: This was outdated for some reason. Commited this in https://github.com/SKopecz/PositiveIntegrators.jl/pull/123/commits/5110c09cbe6706676a2d782e0e62309c0e06b77f.
